#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass dcsbook
\begin_preamble
\abstractname{Abstract}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
dcs
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language polish
\language_package default
\inputencoding utf8
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 0
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 0
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 0
\use_package stmaryrd 0
\use_package undertilde 0
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Abstract
\begin_inset Flex Strong
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Bluepath -- library supporting creating distributed applications
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Abstract
The aim of this work is to design a library, which, without complicated
 configuration or installation of multiple components, will allow programmers
 to implement distributed applications in easy way.
 A programmer, while writing an application using a parallel programming
 model based on threads, should be able to utilise the computing power of
 multiple machines in a cluster.
 The threads created by the programmer instead of being executed on one
 of machine's cores will be executed on one of the remote machines.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Abstract
At the time of writing there wasn't available any popular, actively developed
 and commercially supported environment for creating distributed applications
 in .NET Framework.
 This kind of enviroment would allow programmers not only to avoid the need
 of solving many problems found in distributed programming by themselves
 but also to save time.
 One of the main goals was to make the library as modular as possible --
 this way Bluepath wouldn't strongly depend on the implementation of its
 components.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Abstract
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Celem pracy było zaprojektowanie biblioteki, która, bez skomplikowanej konfigura
cji czy instalowania wielu składników, pozwoli programistom w prosty sposób
 zaimplementować program przetwarzający dane w sposób rozproszony.
 Programista pisząc program w sposób podobny do tego w jaki pisałby program
 równoległy, powinien uzyskać program wykorzystujący moc obliczeniową wielu
 węzłów w klastrze.
 W takim przypadku wątki, zamiast wykonywać się na wielu rdzeniach jednego
 procesora, mogą wykonywać się na zdalnych maszynach.
 W czasie, kiedy rozpoczynano pracę nie było dostępne popularne, aktywnie
 rozwijane i wspierane komercyjnie środowisko do przetwarzania rozproszonego
 dla .NET Framework.
 Tego typu środowisko pozwoliłoby użytkownikom uniknąć konieczności samodzielneg
o rozwiązywania wielu problemów przetwarzania rozproszonego oraz zaoszczędzić
 czas poprzez wykorzystanie dostarczonych mechanizmów.
 Jednym z głównych założeń projektowych systemu była jego modułowość --
 w ten sposób biblioteka nie byłaby silnie zależna od implementacji jej
 konkretnych komponentów, co pozwoliło się skupić na stworzeniu jak najlepszego
 środowiska.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
